<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_kky_dcj_kz">
    <title>How to make a breakfast sandwich</title>
    <shortdesc>Here you will learn to make a delicious breakfast sandwich as the main course of your
        breakfast.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This recipe will provide you with tons of nutrients and power to start the day.</p>
<p>You will need: <ul>
                    <li>1 english muffin, cut in half</li>
                    <li>2 eggs</li>
                    <li audience="mom">2-4 slices of ham</li>
                    <li audience="armando">1 thick slice beefsteak tomato</li>
                    <li audience="mom">2 slices of cheese (your preference)</li>
                    <li>1 tsp chives, finely chopped</li>
                    <li>salt and pepper to taste</li>
                    <li>1 tbsp olive oil or butter to saute</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Heat a large non-stick pan over medium heat and drizzle with 1 tbsp oil.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place your english muffin on half of the pan, cut side down.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Crack 2 eggs side by side on the other half of the pan and break the yolks with
                    a spatula.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd audience="mom">Once the eggs are almost cooked through, sprinkle them with salt, pepper, chives, and top with the first slice of cheese.</cmd>
            </step>
           <step>
            <cmd audience="armando">Once the eggs are almost cooked through, sprinkle them with salt, pepper,  and chives.</cmd>
           </step>
            <step>
                <cmd audience="mom">Place toasted english muffins cut-side-down over the eggs and press the tops
                    with a spatula. The cheese will allow the muffin to stick to the egg.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd audience="armando">Place toasted english muffins cut-side-down over the eggs and press the tops
                    with a spatula.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd audience="mom">Flip the sandwich over so it is egg-side-up and place the ham slices and second
                    slice of cheese on top. </cmd>
            </step> <step>
                <cmd audience="armando">Flip the sandwich over so it is egg-side-up and place the tomato slice on top. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Top the sandwich with the other half of the english muffin, and enjoy!</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            <p conref="concept-safetydisclaimer.dita#concept-safelydisclaimer/safe"/>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
